(Announcer)
Previously on Hell's Kitchen.
We got black jackets!
Who looks good in black?
I do!
(Announcer) After an evening of celebration
over receiving black jackets...
The stakes are definitely higher.
I'm ready to win this whole thing.
(Announcer) Everyone had
their eye on the prize.
No more playing around.
(Announcer)
Early the next morning...
Everybody ready?
(All) Yes, chef.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay
decided it was time
for one of
his most difficult challenges.
It's now time
for Taste It, Now Make It.
(Announcer) But this time,
he added a little twist...
You'll be working
and competing in pairs.
(Announcer) Clemenza and Dana...
There's some sort of wine in it.
(Christina) I think it's that one.
Yup.
Port.
(Announcer) Chose a different path.
Madeira.
Madeira!
And I'm, like, "shh."
(Announcer) And it paid off.
Dana, Clemenza.
You had the madeira.
Congratulations.
[Cheering]
Yes, yes, yes.
(Announcer) The next morning...
Come around.
Let's go.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay had
another difficult challenge
for the final six.
Tonight,
you will be competing against
runners-up
of Hell's Kitchen.
(Gordon) Paula, Jay, Bonnie,
Kevin, Virginia, Russell.
Somebody's going home.
(Announcer) That brought
out the competitive spirit
of the black team.
You guys are all
definitely going home.
(Russell) Your ass is gone.
I hope he goes down harder
than anybody on that team.
(Announcer) The returning chefs...
I want to win.
(Announcer)
Were out for redemption.
Five to the window.
Five in the window.
(Virginia) Got it.
I've never seen food
this immaculate
leave the red kitchen.
(Announcer) And the black team
was ready to do battle.
Let's just egg them.
[Laughs]
(Announcer) But Robyn put the
team off to a slow start.
(Gordon) Robyn,
I want
more salad dressing on it.
Robyn, all you had to do
was put dressing on leaves.
(Announcer)
And then Clemenza...
What are you doing?
(Announcer) Began working on
dishes that weren't even on order.
I got your lobster.
How come you've been doing
something that's not on order?
(Announcer) Barbie was
outstanding on meat
and helped
pull the team together.
Beautifully cooked, Barbie.
(Barbie) Thank you, chef.
Right now, it's neck and neck.
(Announcer) Although both
teams had excellent services.
The winning team tonight is...
Our returning runners-up.
Great job.
Well done.
[Applause]
(Announcer) The black team
came up a little short,
and they had to nominate
two chefs for elimination.
(Announcer) They chose...
Robyn.
(Announcer) And...
Clemenza, chef.
(Announcer) In the end, it was...
Robyn.
(Announcer) Who had her volatile
ride in Hell's Kitchen
come to an end.
Get out of here.
(Announcer) But chef
Ramsay had a warning...
Clemenza.
I don't look at you
and see Vegas.
(Announcer) That Clemenza knows
he needs to take seriously...
I'll tattoo a slot machine
on my ass if it helps.
(Announcer) If he wants to
become the next head chef
at Gordon Ramsay's Steak
at Paris, Las Vegas.
Sync & corrections by Elderfel
www.addic7ed.com
♪ Fire
♪ unh
♪ when you shake what you got ♪
♪ and girl you've got a lot ♪
♪ you're really something,
child ♪
♪ yes, you are
♪ the way you walk and talk ♪
♪ really sets me off
♪ and I'm so excited
♪ the way you swerve
and curve ♪
♪ really wrecks my nerves
♪ 'cause I'm smokin',
baby, baby ♪
♪ woo, woo, woo
♪ the way you push
♪ push
♪ lets me know
that you're goo-oo-ood ♪
♪ you're gonna get your wish ♪
♪ oh, no, fire
♪ what I said, child
♪ fire
(Announcer) And now the
continuation of Hell's Kitchen.
Now get out of here.
(Clemenza) Yes, chef.
[Barbie screeching]
It was her time, dude.
Yup.
It was her time,
a long time before that.
Normally, walking
out of elimination
is a little depressing,
but tonight,
we are walking out minus Robyn.
(Barbie) Yes, bring it, C.
And it feels so good.
(Barbie) It's such a relief.
[Laughter]
I was never happy
to see someone go until today.
(Justin) I didn't want to
work with her anymore.
Now you know how we felt,
how happy were we
when she moved to your team.
Yeah.
(Christina) Clemenza, I'm glad
you're still here, buddy.
It was just a mind [bleep].
I get put up again
for elimination,
and it actually lit a spark,
so you're gonna see
a whole new Clemenza tomorrow.
Fab five.
Watch out,
tomorrow, I'm gonna coming in
with a vengeance.
(Justin) I'm excited
for tomorrow.
The stakes
are at the highest point
they've ever been right now.
There's some strong competition
in the final five,
but I gotta step it up
as hard as I can.
(Dana) There's only five of us.
(Christina) I know.
(Announcer) Each of the chefs
are clearly considering
how they can stay one step ahead
of the competition.
Please don't snore.
Whoo hoo!
Let's do it.
(Announcer) But this morning...
(Gordon) It'll be nice to
give you a little treat.
(Announcer) They are all focused
on trying to figure out
what chef Ramsay
has up his sleeve.
Why don't I cook you
something delicious?
Some comfort food.
When we think of comfort foods,
I think about...
Chicken parm.
Yes.
I don't know what's happening,
but chicken parm.
Come on, chicken,
marinara sauce, mozzarell.
Doesn't get better than that.
The secret of a good sauce
marinara, Clemenza, is what?
Garlic, onions, tomatoes...
come on, put heat in there.
Little bit of chili, yup.
How much?
Keep... keep going.
[Laughter]
Fresh tomatoes.
Okay, chicken breast.
Butterflies.
Pound it.
Nice and light.
I'm watching every little thing
because chef Ramsay doesn't
just cook us chicken parm
to cook us chicken parm.
We're being tested on this.
Really crisp.
Yes, chef.
Wait a minute.
There's got to be a catch.
All right, chef Ramsay,
what is it?
What have you got today?
And there we go.
Dig in.
Have a little taste.
Please.
(Gordon) Mmm.
It's, like, really?
My chicken parm will blow that
out the [bleep] water.
I'll have my people
call your people
and we'll do lunch.
And I'll show
you how it's done.
You saw me make it, right?
Simple comfort delicious food.
Good.
For your next challenge,
I would like
each of you to produce
the exact duplicate
of my chicken parmesan.
I knew it.
See, all right, here we go.
I'm amped up.
Bring it on, let's go.
Easy?
(All) Yes, chef.
Yes.
Fact is, it's way too easy.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
That's why today
you won't actually be making it.
You'll be teaching
someone else how to make it.
It's now time for
Hell's Kitchen cooking school.
Okay.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
(Dana) I love teaching.
This is what I do.
I teach people how to cook.
Are you ready
to meet your students?
(All) Yes, chef.
Give a warm welcome
to Miss Teen USA 2010.
[Applause]
Oh, my goodness.
Right away,
I pushed my patience button.
Ding.
[Doorbell rings]
(Gordon) Miss Teen USA 2008.
In walked
the most beautiful young ladies
I've ever seen in my life.
It was a little mind-blowing.
(Gordon) Miss Teen USA 2007.
Mind you,
they're Miss Teen USA.
I wasn't thinking
anything crazy.
(Gordon) Miss Teen USA 2006.
Oh, God.
Each of them are wearing,
like, 6-inch heels.
(Gordon) Miss Teen USA 2005.
You girls are not
dressed to cook today.
Lovely ladies,
uh, first of all,
thank you so much
for making the kitchen
look so glamorous.
[Laughter]
(Gordon) Chefs,
across from each of you
are your students.
(Gordon) Okay? Hi, there.
That's right.
You must recreate
my chicken parm, 100% now.
(Gordon) Chefs, each of you
cannot touch any ingredient.
All you can do is teach.
Oh, God.
Students, are you ready?
(All) Yes, chef.
Great.
[Laughter and applause]
You have 30 minutes.
Time starts...
Now. [Squeals]
Off you go.
Go.
Let's go.
All right, move back over here.
(Barbie) No running.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay has selected
this cooking school challenge
to test the chef's ability
to communicate,
lead, and teach...
Tell me what to do, girlfriend.
(Announcer) Essential
skills for a head chef.
Cut it, like,
once, twice, three times,
and then go across.
(Announcer) The chefs can
supervise their students...
I really can't touch
anything, huh?
(Announcer) But they're not allowed
to do any of the hands-on cooking.
As thin as you possibly can.
Watch your fingers.
Yeah, I know.
Don't worry about it.
Let's start by cutting
the top of the onion off.
Oh. All right, perfect.
Okay?
Yeah, mince that.
Mince the onion?
Like, isn't there, like,
a machine you can use for that?
Oh, my God.
Open her up.
It's a good thing
I'm not a vegetarian.
Definitely is.
I had no idea
we had a whole chicken
that she had to break down.
Ooh...
Flip it over.
[Squeals]
She's gonna cut
her [bleep] finger off.
Perfect.
I can't believe
my pageant girl...
she's looking good
with that raw chicken.
She's handling it.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Do you know how to open wine?
Give it a good cut,
and you'll be able to rip it.
Just be careful.
Okay, and I need
to get my thongs.
Tongs, tongs.
Tongs?
[Laughing]
[Chuckling]
You're doing, like, really,
really good, honestly.
You know what
it's like to cook in heels?
[Laughs]
(Announcer) While most of the teams
have started their marinara sauce...
Let's come over to the sauce
and check the sauce.
(Announcer) And are preparing
to cook the chicken...
Take off the bread crumbs
to get them
where you need them.
(Announcer) One pair...
You see the onion skin?
(Announcer) Is falling
behind on the assignment.
Can you get that hair?
God, yeah.
Thank you.
Dude, they better
hurry up over there.
Barbie and Hilary
are still dicing an onion.
Ten minutes to go.
Kid, we gotta rock now.
Okay.
I am getting a little anxious
with the time,
but this is
chef Ramsay's chicken parmesan.
It has to be perfect.
All right, we can do it.
Taste this one.
[Gags]
You're good, you're good.
Not used to green vegetables.
30 seconds to go.
(Gordon) Let's go, ladies.
We really have to hustle.
I'm panicking.
That time is going so fast.
There's no way that
we're going to make it.
All we got to do is
get the chicken on the plate.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Go, go, go, go, go. [Yelps]
(Gordon) Three...
Wait, wait.
Two...One...
And serve.
Let's go, ladies.
(Barbie) Nice.
(Announcer)
With the cooking complete...
First up,
Christina and Katie, please.
Let's go.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay
will now determine
which of the chefs has been
the most effective teacher.
Love it.
Here we go.
Okay, uh...
Comparison, side-by-side,
which I like to see.
We had a big breast, I think.
You had a what?
Big breast.
Big breast?
Mm-hmm.
Uh...
[Laughs]
The chicken's cooked perfectly.
Moist.
Delicious.
I would have preferred to see
a touch more marinara sauce
and less of the mozzarella,
but great start.
I am super stoked.
Straight out the gate.
Well done.
(Announcer) With Christina
and Katie setting the bar...
Next up, Justin and Kamie.
Please.
(Announcer) It's now up to Justin
and 2010 Miss Teen USA Kamie
to surpass it.
(Gordon) Visually,
it's got impact.
That sauce is delicious.
Got the right amount of heat.
One criticism... the chicken's
slightly too thick.
(Announcer) With Justin and Kamie's
dish receiving mixed reviews...
Next up, Dana and Allie,
please.
(Announcer)
Dana and her student,
Miss Teen USA 2005 Allie,
take their shot
at impressing chef Ramsay.
Visually...
Beautiful.
What I'm excited about
is that crispiness, here.
Wow.
That amount of mozzarella
becomes a little bit obtrusive,
so it gets in the way.
(Dana) Chef Ramsay,
what is the best part
of chicken parm?
The melted cheese.
There's no such thing as
too much cheese on chicken parm.
However, the sauce is delicious.
Good job.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Wow.
Grab this dome.
This is really difficult.
Why can't ever challenge
be as good as this?
[Laughs]
Okay.
Next up, Barbie and Hilary.
Please.
Thank you.
Good.
[Speaking under breath]
It's beautiful.
Delicious.
I mean, it really is.
The sauce is a near perfect.
You just raised the bar
yet again.
Good job.
Thank you.
I think I did
a really good job,
but there is still Clemenza,
and he's Italian.
Last but not least,
Clemenza and Stevi.
(Gordon) Let's go.
Was Clemenza a good teacher?
He was awesome.
When it comes
to certain Italian things,
I think I have marinara sauce
flowing through
my [bleep] veins.
Chicken's cooked perfectly.
(Gordon) The problem
we got is the sauce.
It needs to be blended down
so it's a little bit finer.
It's very chunky.
Well, let me tell you,
chef Ramsay.
You don't know everything.
That's classic marinara.
Thank you.
This is tough.
Very tough, indeed.
Um...
Tell you what,
Hilary and Allie,
I'd like to taste both
your dishes one more time.
Come down, please,
with your dishes.
Thank you.
(Gordon) Yup.
It's coming down
to me and Barbie.
I've really have no idea
who chef Ramsay's
going to pick.
Hoo-hoo.
Yup.
(Gordon) So tough.
Hilary...
That's delicious.
Love the color.
And Allie...
It's still crispy now,
this far down the line.
Mmm.
Tie, chef?
A tie?
The winner is...
[Suspenseful music]
(Announcer) In today's
cooking school challenge...
(Gordon) Hilary and Allie,
I'd like to taste
both your dishes one more time.
(Announcer) The chefs had to
teach Miss Teen USA winners
how to cook chicken parmesan.
(Gordon) It's tough, this one.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay has
narrowed the field down
to the top two.
It's Dana and Allie
versus Barbie and Hilary.
(Gordon) The winner is...
Hilary.
Congratulations.
Ahh!
(Gordon) Barbie, well done.
Really good job.
Oh, my God.
I won!
Yes!
Really good job, indeed.
I am so proud of Hilary and I.
I know I'm a good leader.
Thank you for coming.
Bye, good luck.
I was a pageant winner, and
now I'm a Hell's Kitchen winner.
And I'm totally going
to put it on my resume.
Barbie, well done.
You are emerging, aren't you?
Patience is a virtue.
"Patience is a virtue"?
Being mediocre
the whole competition?
Was that your strategy?
(Gordon) Okay, tomorrow night
is Italian night.
Yeah.
(Gordon) That's right.
Clemenza.
So Barbie, for today,
I've arranged for you
an amazing
Italian-inspired fun day.
So, tell me who'd
you like to take along with you.
I'm kind of hoping
she doesn't pick me.
Spending a day with Barbie
or a punishment...
hey, I don't know
which one's worse.
Justin.
[Laughs]
(Gordon) You're going to
have an extraordinary lunch
cooked by a unique chef.
Once you finish lunch,
you're going to spend
the afternoon kayaking
in the Venice canals.
Oh, my God.
[Laughs]
Listen,
I have a brand-new Maserati.
I'm handing you the keys.
What?
As a matter of fact,
it's my convertible.
Okay.
Enjoy yourself, yeah?
And bring it back in one piece.
Head upstairs.
Get changed.
(Justin) I definitely didn't
expect Barbie to pick me
to go on this reward.
But from what I've seen lately,
I feel like
we have definitely bonded.
Thank you very much, honestly.
As I've said, tomorrow night
is Italian night
in Hell's Kitchen.
The secret of a good
Italian menu is in the prep,
and we have a huge amount
of work to do,
let me tell you that.
It's going to be
a long and tedious day.
I'm just pissed at myself
right now.
I need to make sure
that I win something soon.
(Clemenza) I just can't picture
Barbie and Justin hanging out.
Oh, that made me so mad
when chef was, like,
"Barbie,
what's happening?"
"Patience is a virtue."
Hey, guys.
See you later.
I'm seeing
this new Barbie emerge,
and I'm guessing
she's had a strategy all along.
Maybe they're falling in love.
She's trying
to build an alliance.
Oh, hell, yeah.
Wow.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God, that's gorgeous.
Sick with it.
(Barbie) Wow.
[Engine vs]
Go.
[Engine revs]
[Barbie squeals]
Chef's convertible
is really, really sick.
Thank you for bringing me.
Cheers to that.
I think we did well.
(Antonio) Here we go.
This one is the best creation
of the restaurant.
Best food orgasm, number one.
Shh.
(Antonio)
Food is better than sex
and this one is the dish.
(Barbie) Oh, my God.
Mmm.
So good.
[Sighs]
[Purrs]
Mm-hmm.
I'm so happy
that Barbie chose me.
[Laughs]
Oh, yeah.
That's unbelievable.
(Barbie)
Wow. Ooh...
(Announcer) As Barbie and Justin reach
the climax of their Italian lunch,
back in Hell's Kitchen, one
chef is having a love affair...
We're drying pasta.
It reminds me of the old days
back in Brooklyn.
(Announcer) With his pasta.
(Clemenza) Hey, mambo.
Anybody can make pasta,
but a true Italian artist
can make really good pasta.
Plain and simple.
What is happening here?
Clemenza,
mine won't go through.
Come on, Dana.
What are you doing?
(Christina) Clemenza, come
over here for a second.
Did I start too thick?
(Clemenza) Nobody else
knows how to roll dough.
The problem is
you're taking too long,
and the dough's drying out.
Crank, crank a little bit.
Let's just try
and get these done.
I think I made these too small.
Now it's getting all long.
All right, [bleep]
Enough already, man.
Someone's getting cranky.
(Announcer) With a slight discord
among the chefs in Hell's Kitchen,
out on the Venice canals...
(Justin) A kayak pulls
up, who can it be?
(Announcer) Barbie and Justin
have found a nice harmony.
(Barbie) These houses
are beautiful.
(Justin) Seeing the canals...
I really felt like
I could relax
and I could enjoy myself
and I had no worries.
A lot better than
making pasta right now.
(Barbie) Yeah, a lot better
than making pasta right now.
(Christina) I don't want
to do this anymore.
(Clemenza) Yeah, I'm
getting giddy and tired
and I've had enough.
Why is this thing never ending?
(Clemenza) Yeah, we could
be pulling an all-nighter.
My thumb hurts,
and my feet hurt,
and my legs hurt,
and my back hurts.
I just want this to end.
It's really annoying.
I'm starting
to get punch drunk.
We're never going
to finish this pasta.
What's going on, guys?
Hey, guys.
Hey.
We kayaked the Venice canals.
Lunch was really sick.
Chef's car is off the hook.
You guys start
anything for dinner?
(Clemenza) Not yet.
(Dana) I'm hungry.
(Justin) All right, we'll
get something going.
So hungry.
There's something in me
that feels really bad for them.
I know how much
it sucks to stay home
to do the punishment.
I knew they were beat down.
I'm literally upstairs cooking
dinner for them right now.
Mmm.
This is really good, Justin.
They're going to love it.
(Dana) Dinner time.
We made dinner.
(Dana) Dude, is that a joke?
I don't want to look at pasta.
Are you guys kidding?
You made pasta?
So not cool.
(Christina) We just rolled
pasta for six hours.
Really, guys?
Are you kidding me?
It was really a nice dinner.
At least appreciate it?
I don't think
you cooked all that.
(Announcer) With all of
the final five chefs
having had their fill
of pasta for the day...
I'm tired.
Gonna shower and hit the bed.
(Announcer)
The chefs turn in early.
Tonight is Italian night.
And not only do they have
a brand-new menu to prep...
Dana, you busy?
(Announcer) But for the
first time this year,
the entire dining room
will be fed out of one kitchen.
Can you please help me
with some of this chicken?
Dinner service is probably
the most important thing
I've ever done
in my life tonight.
The Italian stallion
Clemenza's coming through, baby.
Stand back, step off,
watch out.
(Dana) Ah, you're pounding
them a little thin.
Clemenza.
This is ridiculous.
Clemenza, what are you doing?
Mr. Italiano takes it
upon himself
to pound the chicken breast
like this big.
Some of these are,
like, absurd.
Did Clemenza pound them all?
Yeah, he started to pound them.
(Scott) Why?
Why would you do this?
Nothing yesterday was
this size at all. I know.
(Scott) Clemenza.
Yes.
Come here. Come here.
Come here!
Why did we did this?
(Scott)
I don't know what to do.
I really don't.
I have no idea.
He [bleep] it all,
so I don't know
what you guys want to do.
(Announcer) It's just moments
before Hell's Kitchen opens
for Italian night.
Clemenza.
(Announcer) Unfortunately,
the resident Italian
may have gone a little too far
preparing
the kitchen's chicken cutlets.
Why did we do this?
I don't know
what to do anymore.
Clemenza screwed up
half the chicken,
so now I don't even have enough
orders of chicken breaded.
Take out the ones that are
ridiculously large, like this.
(Dana) Okay.
This isn't cool.
Not at all.
[Whining]
I love double work.
Yeah, I [bleep] up.
And you know, I'm going
to kick ass in dinner service.
And that's what matters.
Okay.
It's Italian night
in Hell's Kitchen,
and tonight,
there's nowhere to hide.
[Exhaling]
Show me you've got
the heart of a champion.
Let's go, guys.
Yes, chef.
James.
Chef.
Open Hell's Kitchen
for Italian night.
Let's go.
Yes, chef.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Flatbread and filet mignon.
(Announcer) Tonight the
Hell's Kitchen menu
will feature crab capellini,
butternut squash risotto,
and filet of beef
with handmade cavatelli pasta.
I'll have the flatbread.
Flatbread.
Uh, chicken parmesan.
Move, Clemenza.
Yes, chef.
If there's ever a night
for you to shine...
Yes, chef.
(Gordon) It's tonight.
Tonight is your night.
Let's go.
Bring it the [bleep] on, baby.
Two 2s, on order.
2 couples, table 21,
two couples, table two.
Two risotto, two flatbreads.
Entree.
One chicken, one salmon,
one filet.
One shrimp tagliatelle.
(All) Yes, chef.
What were the appetizers
for that table, Clemenza?
[Bleep].
Clemenza,
what were the appetizers
on that table?
I didn't hear it, chef.
Dude, pull it together.
Two deuces together, Clemenza.
Yeah,
he's not even concentrating.
Two risotto going
with two flatbread.
That's two 2s together.
Gotcha, gotcha.
Okay.
(Gordon) What's on order?
Two risotto, two flatbreads.
Can I have a "yes, chef"?
Yes, chef!
These things happen.
What are you going to do?
Clemenza, can I help you?
Can you help?
What an understatement.
I think he needs help.
I'm grabbing a cutting board
so I can help you cut.
Clemenza was
completely disorganized.
I'm running out of the kitchen
to get a cutting board.
Come on, get some organization,
Clemenza.
(Clemenza) Yes, chef.
He's [bleep] everywhere.
(Gordon) No system whatsoever.
This is your night
to shine, big boy.
Step up or step off.
Flatbread?
Yes.
Right here, chef.
Two flatbread.
Perfect.
(Gordon) Oh, Clemenza.
How you can work in a mess and
produce a stunning flatbread,
I'll never know.
(Announcer) With Clemenza
delivering half of the first table
of appetizers...
Risotto, please. Let's go.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay looks to
Barbie to complete the order.
That's delicious.
Everyone like that now.
Let's go.
Yes, chef.
Nailed it.
Yay.
All I want to do
from here on out
is put out perfect risotto.
(Gordon) Keep it going, Barbie.
Yes, chef.
Service, please.
(Announcer)
The first order of appetizers
has made it out to
the dining room right on time.
Fantastic.
Whoa, that's really good.
(Announcer) And chef Ramsay
is looking to the final five
to have a service to remember.
On order, 4 couples, table 23.
Three capellini, one risotto.
Entree...
one shrimp,
one salmon, two filet.
Yes, chef.
Clemenza,
what are those appetizers?
I was talking over you, chef.
Hey, you're not even
interested anymore, are you?
Yes, I am, chef.
Clemenza doesn't listen.
He doesn't [bleep] listen.
(Gordon) Call the [bleep],
take it out yourself.
Yes, chef.
We got three capellini,
one risotto.
One tagliatel,
one salmon, two filet.
Yes, Clemenza.
Yes, thank you.
Hurry up with the risotto.
Yes, chef.
Stop, all of you.
Come here.
Uh-oh.
We produced a stunning risotto.
Taste that.
Literally was raw wine,
no salt,
and the risotto
was hard as a rock.
It's like a white wine risotto.
(Justin) You cook risotto
and you're, like,
"you know how to do it."
There's no excuse for not
being able to cook it correctly.
Look at me.
Hey, you.
You just switched off.
He's in the [bleep],
and now you.
You're now out of control.
We're on dinner service 14!
We should be able
to get risotto right.
(Gordon) How long, Barbie?
Walking up to you now.
Barbie, taste it.
If it tastes good, send it up.
If it tastes like [bleep],
don't!
(Gordon) Get out of the way.
Put it down.
And [bleep] off with you, yeah?
All of you.
Stop!
Come here.
[Bleep]
(Gordon) Taste it.
What does that need?
Salt and cooked longer.
That was disgusting.
I mean, you don't send
a risotto like this
up to the pass.
It's like rice soup.
Well, you're cooking
like idiots.
Get a grip.
Yes, chef.
(Clemenza) Let me help you.
Let me tell you what I need.
Move that out of the way.
Take the risotto.
(Clemenza) I got your risotto.
I'll do whatever it takes.
I'll do backflips
over to the over stations
if I gotta,
but the bottom line
is that food needs to go out.
I need the risotto first.
Clemenza, take the risotto.
(Barbie)
You need the risotto
to go first.
You're not... you're
still a little bit watery.
Take the risotto!
(Clemenza)
Looks like someone literally
peed in the frying pan
and added butter.
I just [bleep] told you,
take the risotto.
Barbie, you want to do it
and sink yourself,
go right [bleep] ahead.
There's no helping this girl.
Okay.
There we go.
Stop!
Ah, [bleep].
Told you.
All of you,
look at that [bleep].
Hey, now just taste that,
all of you.
Come on, chef.
I know it sucks.
You just tell me it sucks,
I'll understand.
Taste it.
Taste, you.
Tastes like cheese soup.
Look.
Overcooked.
[Bleep].
Look at it.
Look.
It's an insult to Italy.
(Gordon) You ready to go home?
(Announcer) It's 45 minutes
into Italian night,
and Barbie's
poor performance on risotto...
Look at that [bleep].
(Announcer)
Has the kitchen in the toilet.
Look at it.
Look.
It's an insult to Italy.
Now, look at me.
Yes, chef.
I don't care
if I go on now without you.
One more dish like that,
madam...
don't wait
till the end of service.
Do you, me,
and all your team a favor
and get the [bleep]
out of here.
Yes, chef.
I don't want to go home.
I know where the door is,
and I want to be
on this side of it.
Look at me. Serious now.
Yes, chef.
Last [bleep] time.
[Bleep].
I have no idea what's going on
with Barbie right now,
but you can just hear
the bombs dropping.
Risotto!
Risotto's coming right now, chef.
[Imitating bomb whistling]
Excellent.
(Announcer) Barbie's fourth attempt
at the butternut squash risotto...
(Gordon) Service, please.
(Announcer) Has finally met
chef Ramsay's standards.
Very good.
Barbie, you're working
one... four flatbread.
Push it out.
(Announcer) The kitchen is steadily
sending food to the dining room.
Two capellini coming in, chef.
Service, please.
(Announcer) With a third of
their appetizers completed...
Away now, first entree.
(Announcer) The final
five move on to entrees.
(Gordon) One orecchiette, two
filet, one chicken parm.
How long?
I need six minutes.
Let's go.
I'm focusing on searing
the 100 orders of filet
that I have coming in.
It's a lot of meat,
so I'm a little concerned.
And by a little, I mean a lot.
Stop.
Stop, you.
All of you, come here.
Come here.
Talk to me.
What do you think?
Obviously,
the pan got too hot, chef.
Go on then, chef.
It's burned, chef.
Dana has two filets,
and they are black as night.
(Barbie) Everything in
the pan was black.
Oh, [bleep] off.
The lot of you, will you?
[Bleep].
I should have
just thrown them out.
What's the matter?
I'm fine, chef.
Want to go home?
No, chef!
You're way out of control.
I'm fine, chef.
That's fine, is it?
No.
It's not fine for me.
No, no.
Get a grip, yeah?
Yes, chef.
And get it back.
(Announcer) With Dana
slipping on the meat station,
chef Ramsay...
You!
Come here, you.
She can't drive it, can you drive it?
Yes, chef.
(Announcer) Looks to Justin to
take control of the kitchen.
How long for those tables?
Five minutes on that next table...
Thank you.
After this one goes out first.
Thank you, finally.
Oui, chef.
I'm taking the reins.
I'm running this kitchen.
Two filet, two salmon.
You go with the filet first,
I'll follow
with the two salmon, okay?
There's no way chef Ramsay's
shutting us down tonight.
Two filet, walking.
Behind!
(Justin) I told him I'd
get us through this.
I promise you,
I'll get the food to you.
Dana!
Thank you, those filet
were cooked perfectly.
Are we back up now, are we?
We're up, chef.
We're up.
We're going right into
the next pickup.
You good with that or no?
Yeah, the next pickup. Yeah.
(Announcer)
Thanks to Justin's leadership,
ththe first entrees go out
to the dining room.
Really tender.
(Announcer) Back in the
kitchen, Barbie...
I got two capellini going
with two flatbread.
(Announcer) And Clemenza...
Uh, flatbread now...
You got a minute.
(Announcer)
Continue to send appetizers.
Service, please.
Push it!
Let's go!
Two filet, one salmon,
one shrimp.
Let's go.
(Announcer) Now Justin
on fish, Dana on meat,
and Christina on garnish...
Christina, let me know
when you're walking, please.
I got 60 seconds.
(Announcer) Are hoping
to make the second half
of service run more smoothly
than the first.
How long, Dana?
I'm walking.
Right behind.
Talk to me, chef.
Garnish is up for you.
Nah.
[Bleep] No.
All of you, stop.
Uh-oh.
Taste that.
Taste it.
What does that taste like?
Burnt, chef.
Burnt.
And then what about seasoning?
(Christina)
It needs salt, chef.
It needs salt.
Really?
Everyone knows
how much chef Ramsay feels
about seasoning.
You know, there's no excuse.
What's happened to you guys
all of a sudden?
Christina, what's gone wrong?
No...
I don't know, chef.
What I need to do
is regain focus, regain control,
and put up the food
that I stand behind.
Is it coming?
I'm right here, chef.
Are you tasting, are you?
Why are you tasting it?
Because I need to make sure
it's seasoned properly.
Yeah, really?
It's weird, that, no?
For a chef to taste
his own cookin.
Ah.
The difference is night and day.
Yes, chef.
(Announcer) As Christina redeems
herself on the garnish station,
entrees are flying
out of the kitchen.
Service, please.
(Announcer) And diners are thrilled
with what they're receiving.
Delicious.
(Announcer) And with one
table of appetizers left...
All right,
both of you, come here.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay has a
wager for Barbie and Clemenza.
Do you think you
can get the last table right?
(Both) Yes, chef!
Seriously?
I bet you $100 you don't.
Chef Ramsay, I'm definitely
not taking that bet.
I-I think you're right.
Barbie can't cook.
This is gonna take me
a minute on that risotto.
I'm not ready
on that risotto at all.
Get up there, Clemenza.
(Clemenza) I'm going.
Follow, Barbie. Come on.
Send this up.
Get those apps up.
My entrees are gonna die.
The last table appetizers are
one of the most difficult things
I've ever seen in my life.
I don't understand it.
These people have been
sitting here for this long.
They're starving.
Please, just get it out.
Thank you.
What is that?
I don't know.
Look, she's not even answering me.
It's... the crab.
Hey, you.
Come here, you.
This is how bad it is.
One capellini,
one risotto away.
And I got a bowl of capellini,
and there's over
two portions there.
You don't even know
what you're doing anymore.
I've got too much capellini
and not enough crab...
Yes, chef.
You stupid idiot.
Have you given up?
Look at me.
I beg you to go home.
I just don't get it!
I just... I honestly
do not understand
what the [bleep] is going on!
(Announcer) An hour and a
half into Italian night,
and every table in the
dining room has been served...
That is good.
(Announcer) Except for one.
Our last table hasn't gotten
their appetizers yet.
Capellini, how long?
Three minutes, chef.
Can you count down?
Yes, chef.
Can you bring your team together?
Can you do anything
motivational?
Sorry, guys.
What?
The apps haven't gone out yet?
We actually have to wait
to serve entrees?
Capellini coming, chef.
90 seconds, chef.
Barbie, where are you?
(Gordon) Send those,
uh, capellini.
Service, please.
Are you kidding me?
Five people left,
and this is what we do?
Insane.
It is good.
Can we send
the last table, please?
One chicken parm,
one orecchiette.
Yes, chef!
Yes, chef.
I got your orecchiette coming.
(Gordon) Come on, Christina.
(Justin) Behind.
Garnish!
(Christina) Thank you.
Finally.
Service, please.
The chef apologizes
for the wait.
(Female customer) Wait an
hour for your appetizers,
your entrees come right out!
That is not what I expected.
Switch off.
Clear down.
Yes, chef.
We have been on a amazing,
long journey together.
But I did not
expect this this evening.
You were way, way,
way off the mark tonight.
On the verge of
an embarrassment.
I am just
bitterly disappointed.
Get upstairs...
Analyze everything.
Give me the one person
you want to get rid of.
Leave me alone, guys.
I don't know what to say.
I'm pissed off.
I'm definitely
disappointed in myself.
I expected more.
My pride... my dignity...
like...
In the [bleep] dustpan
with the rest of that risotto.
Hey, you're fine, dude.
This is the first time
you've made a mistake.
Relax.
You've been solid
this whole competition.
Stop.
Christina,
get a hold of yourself.
I know you're not
used to making mistakes,
but come on, girl.
What did you do
that was so bad tonight?
Nothing.
Dude, I gotta say this to you.
If you looked at who was
the worst person in service,
I'm sorry, it's Barbie.
Every one of those risottos,
I had to tell her what to do,
and she still
didn't [bleep] listen.
And that last one,
I even said it.
"It's soupy.
It needs to cook out,
and it needs salt."
Clemenza's got a point.
You get put on a station
like that where you're making
pasta and risotto
and you keep [bleep] it up,
that's real bad,
especially at this point
in the competition.
But I vote for Clemenza
all the time.
I'm so sick
of cleaning up after him.
So it's a difficult decision.
We all knew it
going into service today.
If you [bleep] up today,
you had a good chance
of going home.
Sit on your bed.
Okay.
I just would be happy
to see Barbie go.
I don't particularly like her,
and tonight,
Barbie really sucked.
She didn't have somebody strong
to lean on, and she went down.
I get that.
Barbie, what happened tonight?
You just bombed out?
I had a bad [bleep] night.
I can admit to it.
But Clemenza comes over
to my station,
he's in my way,
bumping around, making a mess.
He's a [bleep] oaf.
I should not have had
that bad of a night.
Not at all.
(Clemenza) Come on, Dana!
(Justin) Come on, let's go.
My vote is for Clemenza.
Okay.
I vote for Barbie.
So you guys
are voting for each other.
You guys need to [bleep] vote.
Plain and simple.
We need to get a handle
on what happened there.
I asked him for help
and his help was not helping me.
Yeah, but I'm sorry.
When I'm... when I'm...
when I'm telling somebody
"don't bring up the risotto,
it's not ready."
I'm getting told,
"bring up the [bleep] risotto"
and I'm getting
screamed in my face.
Your back was towards me.
I wasn't screaming at you
in your face.
Clemenza, take the risotto.
I got your risotto.
Take the risotto!
I just [bleep] told you,
take the risotto!
You said bring the [bleep] thing
up just exactly like that!
I'm not gonna stand there
and [bleep] allow somebody
to speak to me that way.
I'm [bleep] sorry.
Too bad.
I'm definitely
in danger of going home.
Not happy about it,
don't think I deserve it.
It was [bleep] Italian night.
The one [bleep] night
that I wanted to do good.
The one night I really got
a [bleep] chance to shine,
and instead
I got a smack in the face.
I'm... I'm just...
Really?
Like, [bleep] really?
Okay.
Both bombed.
We both bombed.
(Justin) Both bombed.
Everyone seems to think
that Barbie is annoying
or she does stupid things,
but you know what?
That's all petty [bleep].
But she really did bomb tonight.
Clemenza, on the other hand,
is just a disaster.
If you're a mess
and it doesn't bother you,
then, you know, how can
you organize a kitchen of 50?
I mean, you were all both part
of the station that bombed.
This is, like, I...
I don't know
if I'm just, like,
thrown off from tonight,
but I don't know why
I'm having such a hard time,
like, putting
my head around it.
I don't really know.
[Sighs]
[Suspenseful music]
♪
What a night.
It's such a shame.
You're supposed to be
the unique talent.
Right.
I trust you've come
to a consensus.
Chef, I don't think
the team came to
a final nomination, chef.
Does anyone
have a pair of [bleep]
to tell the truth?
I don't know either, chef.
(Announcer) After failing to
truly come together as a team
during dinner service,
the chefs were asked to agree
on the one person who will be
nominated for elimination...
I trust you've come
to a consensus.
(Announcer) And they have
also failed at that.
Chef, I don't think
the team came to
a final nomination.
Does anyone
have a pair of [bleep]
to tell the truth?
I don't know either, chef.
Yeah.
Go on, Dana.
We were deliberating up until
the very last moment.
It's between
Barbie and Clemenza.
I want to hear
from both of them.
Clemenza, Barbie.
Step forward.
Barbie.
Yes, chef.
Why do you think you
should stay in Hell's Kitchen?
I haven't lost
my passion, chef.
You reminded me
of where the door is,
and I want to stay on
this side of the door, chef.
No callback.
Lacking inspiration.
No leadership qualities.
Completely in the weeds.
Nothing was correct
on your station.
I never gave up, chef.
You did give up.
That was not me at my best,
but I never gave up.
Clemenza.
Yes, chef.
Seventh time
standing in front of me.
For 50% of your performance
in this competition,
you've been standing there.
Seven [bleep] times
standing in front of me!
Why do you think you
should stay in Hell's Kitchen?
'Cause I have done some good,
and I have done a lot of good.
Tonight was an embarrassment.
Being the Italian night,
believe you me,
I wanted to shine.
I-I-I wanted to do more.
I-I did not quit once
towards service.
No matter what you said,
no matter what was thrown at me,
I kept going
and going and going.
My question to both of you:
Why was there no synergy?
I find it hard to trust
Clemenza on the line.
He is disorganized.
He puts stuff everywhere!
Oh... [Pops cheek]
Whoop-de-[bleep]-doo.
I told you on every risotto,
it wasn't done right.
Your answer to me
was, "take it up there."
I'm not ready to go home
and I'm not ready to give up.
I'm not gonna give up.
Chef, I've been a team player.
I've battled through everything.
I always give you 100%.
Every time I come down,
I am ready for battle.
[Sighs]
Okay.
The person leaving
Hell's Kitchen...
Clemenza.
Sorry, big boy.
Give me your jacket and leave
Hell's Kitchen, please.
Yes, chef.
I appreciate all your effort,
but you're not ready...
It's been a pleasure.
For Vegas.
Love you, Clemenza.
Love you, snack pack.
Barbie, back in line.
Yes, chef.
Later, guys.
Hell's Kitchen,
without a doubt,
is the hardest thing
I ever had to do.
Clemenza!
I'm running out of time!
It's been up and down
and high and low.
You should be able to nail
a New York-style pizza.
This is a joke.
But I fought through it.
Dana, Clemenza,
congratulations.
Yes!
[Screams]
I've been up for elimination
more than anybody.
And then I have to
put up with Clemenza.
Clemenza.
Clemenza, chef.
People thought I was down,
people thought I was out.
I just kept coming
and coming and coming back.
Everybody's trying to
get rid of me,
and I still put out better food
than everybody standing there!
Clemenza, back in line.
[Grunts]
To get kicked out on
Italian night is embarrassing,
but coming to Hell's Kitchen
has definitely
put some spark back into me.
I know I'm going to the top.
Listen carefully.
Each of you has
a one-in-four chance
of winning this competition.
Try and visualize becoming
the head chef in Vegas,
one of the most sought-after
playing fields for any chef
anywhere in the world,
with a salary of $1/4 million.
There is a lot at stake here.
This is where you really
need to push it.
(All) Yes, chef!
Piss off.
Thank you, chef.
There's only three people
I gotta get through
to win this competition.
I've never been this focused.
I really am here for a reason,
and that's because.
I-I've cooked as hard
as I possibly can.
All right, champagne.
Nice.
(Dana) This is real.
There is $1/4 million
within my reach!
Final four, guys!
I can smell it!
I can taste it!
And I want it!
Justin, there's a note.
Read it.
"Congratulations on making it
to the final four.
"Enjoy this.
The best part is yet to come.
Chef Ramsay."
All righ...
Oh, [bleep]!
Oh, my God!
(Announcer) Next time...
(Announcer) You won't believe
who chef Ramsay
allows into Hell's Kitchen.
It sucks so bad.
Man, this is kinda scary.
(Announcer) And then, in a dinner
service that tests each chef's
leadership qualities...
Each of you will have a turn
running the pass.
(Announcer) Does Dana...
Dana, answer me.
It's gonna be ready
when it's ready.
(Announcer)
Really try to sabotage
the other chefs to get ahead?
Dana's dragging on fish.
I'm waiting
for first [bleep] table.
(Announcer) Does her
closest ally, Christina...
Where's that cod, Dana?
I need it walking!
(Announcer)
Become her new enemy?
I don't give a [bleep] about
friendship, [bleep] you.
Walking with cod.
Walk quickly!
Dana, walking!
(Gordon) Now Dana's [bleep] me.
Wait, what?
Right now, we're [bleep].
(Announcer) It's the moment
they've all been waiting for.
I deserve to be in the finale.
I have to win tonight.
Honestly, I could see
all four of you
in the Hell's Kitchen final...
But there can only be two.
(Announcer)
Next time on Hell's Kitchen.
Sync & corrections by Elderfel
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org